README.md, before:

# Eclipsed osu! skin
![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/wcZIRNq.png "Eclipsed Logo")

### The Eclipsed skin is a skin I've been working on for around a year now, It started off with the name Material++ (which you can find [here](https://github.com/Hubza/MPP-osu)), then it got renamed to Eclipsed, which brings us here after a little time. 

This skin is currently WIP (Work in Progress) but you can always try the latest stable version below!

### [Download link](https://github.com/solarteam/Eclipsed/releases/latest/download/Eclipsed.osk)

### Tutorial
Firstly, go to Code, you're probably there already, then go to [releases](https://github.com/solarteam/Eclipsed/releases). There you'll find a .osk file. Click it, and it will start downloading. Once it is done, open it. It will open osu!, but with the skin! If you want to revert/change it at any time, go to the osu! options, then go to the section Skin (paint brush icon), and there you go!

### If you have any issues experiencing this skin, please create an [issue.](https://github.com/solarteam/Eclipsed/issues)
### If you have any ideas what we should add or change to this skin, please create an [pull request.](https://github.com/solarteam/Eclipsed/pulls)
### If you want to help with this skin, join our [discord!](https://discord.gg/MCD5w2)

### [Forum post (osu! community forums)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/908840)

I'll be posting random things about the skin every now and then on my [Twitter!](https://twitter.com/hubziii)

Commit message:

renamed all the eclipsed stuff to "dashed"

README.md, after:

![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/qSqTlBL.png "Dashed Logo")

### The Dashed skin is a skin I've been working on for around a year now, It started off with the name Material++ (which you can find [here](https://github.com/Hubza/MPP-osu)), then it got renamed to Eclipsed, then a while later, got moved to the team SolarTeam. A bit later on SolarTeam was renamed to EclipsedTeam and Eclipsed (the skin) was renamed to Dashed, which brings us here after a little time. 

This skin is currently WIP (Work in Progress) but you can always try the latest stable version below!

### [Download link](https://github.com/eclipsedteam/Dashed/releases/latest/download/Eclipsed.osk)

### Tutorial
Firstly, go to Code, you're probably there already, then go to [releases](https://github.com/eclipsedteam/dashed/releases). There you'll find a .osk file. Click it, and it will start downloading. Once it is done, open it. It will open osu!, but with the skin! If you want to revert/change it at any time, go to the osu! options, then go to the section Skin (paint brush icon), and there you go!

### If you have any issues experiencing this skin, please create an [issue.](https://github.com/eclipsedteam/dashed/issues)
### If you have any ideas what we should add or change to this skin, please create an [pull request.](https://github.com/eclipsedteam/dashed/pulls)
### If you want to help with this skin, join our [discord!](https://discord.gg/MCD5w2)

### [Forum post (osu! community forums) - Coming Soon](owo)

I'll be posting random things about the skin every now and then on my [Twitter!](https://twitter.com/hubziii)
